Ko 474 helm chart cluster wide install (#182)
datastax/cass-operator: README.md

Helm may be used to load the operator.  The destination namespace must be created first.

```console
kubectl create namespace cass-operator-system
helm install --namespace=cass-operator-system cass-operator ./charts/cass-operator-chart
```

The following Helm default values may be overridden:

```yaml
clusterWideInstall: false
serviceAccountName: cass-operator

> serviceAccountRoleName: cass-operator-service-account
> serviceAccountRoleBindingName: cass-operator-service-account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
roleName: cass-operator
roleBindingName: cass-operator
```

and then we document that these will be used for ClusterRole and ClusterRoleBinding resources when the boolean is flipped to true - how does that sound?

The following Helm default values may be overridden:

```yaml
clusterWideInstall: false
serviceAccountName: cass-operator
serviceAccountRoleName: cass-operator-service-account
serviceAccountRoleBindingName: cass-operator-service-account
clusterRoleName: cass-operator-cluster-role
clusterRoleBindingName: cass-operator
roleName: cass-operator

> roleBindingName: cass-operator

Reviewer: why change these keys?

Author: There are two reasons.  

1. because during a cluster-wide install, they will be used to create a clusterrole, not a role, so "roleName" becomes a little weird
2. during a cluster-wide install, the existing clusterRoleName key will still be used as-is, and "roleName" will now create a second clusterRole.  Renaming these keys to serviceAccountRoleName clarifies their purpose and helps people to distinguish them from the other clusterRole key.

Reviewer 2: Does this have any upgrade impact if a user already had installed cass-operator using helm or will it "just work" as long as they make sure they use the new value names when performing a `helm upgrade`?

Author: I will manually that and see what happens

NOTE: Helm does not install a storage-class for the cassandra pods.

> If clusterWideInstall is set to true, then the operator will be able to administer cassandraDatacenters in all namespaces of the kubernetes cluster.  A namespace still must provided because some of the kubernetes resources for the operator require one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If clusterWideInstall is set to true, then the operator will be able to administer `CassandraDatacenter`s in all namespaces of the kubernetes cluster.  A namespace must still be provided because some of the kubernetes resources for the operator require one.
```

Example:

```console

> kubectl create namespace my-custom-namespace

Reviewer: the example should be something like cass-operator-system, I think, like the way istio creates istio-system
